thank you a tunnel better for sponsoring
this video at CES 2018 tunnel bear makes
very easy to use privacy apps for the
Internet so that you can enjoy a more
open Internet to try it out for free go
to tella bear comm slash LTT we're here
at Thermaltake checking out their view
37 case first thing your to notice other
than that it just looks amazing in its
current configuration at CES is these
huge 200 millimeter fans behind the
acrylic in the front of the case this
won't come with the case the standard or
the upgraded RGB version but you'll be
able to add them yourself if you want to
have a different configuration than
these 200 millimeter fans up in the
front you can have up to three 120
millimeter fans or two 140 millimeter
fans moving inside the case from there
you can see this awesome radiator that's
mounted on the right hand side you could
set up this current configuration with
three 120 millimeter fans or go down to
two or one and then in the back there's
a 140 millimeter fan placed there
currently that should come with both
versions of the case that you could buy
but it would be a different fan than the
one that's currently in here but you
could tone that down to 120 if you
wanted in terms of where all these crazy
fans are gonna actually breathe from
because you see this huge acrylic panel
on the front and this nice curved
acrylic panel on the side the front ones
will breathe in through the side there's
grills along there they're fairly large
that won't give them the most amount of
airflow but it is a huge amount of fans
that you can mount there so it should
breathe pretty okay and this radiator
placement just on the inside of the case
should be able to breathe super easily
as it has its own cutout in the back so
the huge fans in the front are able to
feed both the back fan and the radiator
fans that are just mounted on the inside
and just in front of the power supply if
you do go with the vertical GPU mount
you can see here in this current
configuration that they have the pump
and the reservoir mounted very nicely
right behind there so you can have a
whole bunch of really tight nice water
cooling setups like they have with their
hardline in terms of front IO they have
an RGB button for changing color modes
they have two USB 3 ports two USB to
ports headphone and microphone jacks a
power button and an activity LED so if
you think that setup looked great and
you want to emulate something like that
or do something in another case whatever
brand it may be you could pick up one of
their water
Kitt's if you're worried about doing
water cooling if maybe it's your first
time and you want everything handled for
you you can pick up anything in their
range right here they have an m240 which
is a 240 millimeter rad and it's more a
little bit simple compared to the other
ones there's no crazy RGB or anything
going on there you can move up to an M
360 which has more RGB going on it's a
360 radiator it's a little bit more
full-featured and then if you want to go
absolutely crazy with a radiator that
has RGB on it with a water block that
has RGB on it with a reservoir that has
RGB on it just full balls-to-the-wall
and even more fittings all of these come
with right angle fittings too which is
cool you're gonna be set up for hardline
water cooling and pretty much whatever
situation you're gonna have it will all
be taken care of for you and a hard line
is a little bit of a scary thing for
some people to get into so this setup
will help you get started in that scary
arena of water cooling at all and the
advanced difficulty of hardline and more
in that vein all of these kits come with
clear liquid but if you want to change
the color of the liquid you could pick
up one of thermal takes of different
various colored dyes or use really any
dye for that matter speaking of making
things easier you can use tunnel Bayer
to create a VPN for you and it's all
simple you don't have to do any router
settings you know if you do a firewall
settings you just turn on the app the
Bayer tunnels you to whatever server
location you want and it's all done it's
all handled your privacy is secure
they'll help protect you against people
that are trying to profit off of your
data because it will protect from that
and did I mention it's free go to tell
Barry comm l / LT t and they'll take
care of it for you you like this video
like it you just like this video just
like it get subscribed to see all the
rest of our CES content and I'll see you
around
[Music]